New tooltip and popover (#421)
nordcloud/GNUI: src/components/extendedPopover/ExtendedPopover.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Canvas } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { ExtendedPopover } from "./ExtendedPopover";
import { SVGIcon } from "../svgicon";

<Meta title="Components/ExtendedPopover" component={ExtendedPopover} />

# Extended Popover

## properties

> - `content`: `ReactNode` {required} popover content

> > - `trigger`: `ReactNode` {optional} popover trigger element, default to `<Button><SVGIcon name="burgerMenu" /></Button>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `trigger`: `ReactNode` {optional} popover trigger element, defaults to `<Button><SVGIcon name="burgerMenu" /></Button>`)
```

Author: 😱  good catch :wink:

> - `placement`: `top | bottom | right | left` {optional} relative placement of popover compared to parent element, default is `right`
> - `position`: `start | end | center` {optional} relative shift of popover placement compared to parent element, default is `start`

> > - `margin`: `{ top?: number, bottom?: number, left?: number, right?: number }` {optional} margin around popover, default to `5px` around

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `margin`: `{ top?: number, bottom?: number, left?: number, right?: number }` {optional} margin around popover, defaults to `5px` for all properties
```

Author: 👍
